## Added execution interpreter `exe:hide:helloworld.py`

The interpreter 'exe:' has access to:
- all executable file in the folder `configuration`
- all executable added in a file `.launchablepath`

If it can understand what it is about he try to use the good "app.exe".
If not, it use `start "" "[thepath]" parameter1 parameter2`  on Window


- `exe:helloworld.py`
  - Will launch the script python in console with a new thread running.
  - It will use the command `python yourscript.py [parameters]*`
- `exe:hide:helloworld.py`
  - Will run as a silenced thread the script helloworld.
- `exe::helloworld.py` or `exe:display:helloworld.py`
  - Will run as a console the hello world script with python
- `exe::helloworld.py 127.0.0.1 2501`
  - Will launch a script call hello world with the two parameter 127.0.0.1 and 2501
- `exe::hello 127.0.0.1 2501`
  - Will try to look about a script call hello. Then about a script with a name containing hello (for longest to shortest name). If it find one it will execute it. As displayed on a thread with two parameters. 
  
  
## Added JomiUdpTarget in .omi.xml

In the file `filename.omi.xml` you can now add :
``` xml
<omixml>
    <!-- ... -->
    <!-- Will create a UDP connection to the ip and port given with the alias name "Local" -->
    <jomiudptarget idName="Local" ip="127.0.0.1" port="2501" />
	<!-- <jomiudptarget idName="Remote" ip="192.168.1.1" port="2501"  /> -->
	 
</omixml>
```	

By default the command `jomi: ...` & `jomiraw: ...` are send to all registered.
In previous version, I had the following command.
`udp RemoteOne RemoteTwo|jomi: A+B`
That would have send the commmand `jomi: A+B` to two specific computer RemoteOne and remoteTwo.
 I need to check how to join the target to id too.
